right? And the milder the color becomes the, the lower the values are, okay? Think of it like this.
So the acquisition point acquisition function will help you estimate the value of the objective
function at any given point, right? Likewise, the, okay, sorry, the surrogate function. I'm talking about
surrogate function here. Surrogate function will estimate this objective value and the, and the acquisition
function acquisition function will decide what route to take in order to reach the optimal point. So this is the
fundamental idea behind Bayesian optimization. Let's implement this in code. Okay. So we will see a couple
of implementations of hyper parameter optimization. One is using the optuna package. The other is using
GPyOpt. So both are good. We will see both in this one. So for optuna, you need to first install
pip install optuna and scikit-learn. All right. So once that is done, I'll give you the link to the,
this, this particular data set or this particular notebook in the description, please use that link